is the completion of a USA and we're
blessed to have Greg here explain what
sobs got stored for us in the future
thanks for coming over
Saab Barracuda where the camouflage in
heat mitigation side of Saab barracuda
our main products related to camouflage
net we're taking that same netting and
using it as a shade system over
different types of structure both hard
side and soft sided structure you've
been doing this for a long time since
2001 we've been manufacturing the
netting since early 2001 2002 but we've
only been using as a shade for the last
2009-2010 when it really kicked off and
the government did some testing at that
time and that's when the government
documented a 22% power reduction of
covering items with camouflage with our
netting versus uncovered shell you mean
keeping it cool so cool either
barracks or whatever is underneath
exactly it was cooler so it didn't
require as much energy as much cooling
because it wasn't as hot there's a lot
less expensive exactly and you know what
to bring all the fuel and everything
else - and the Sanders new costs the
same study actually documented that you
would save about a hundred gallons of
fuel per day because of that power
ridgemount of fuel yeah and um you know
this is the product right here this is
it right here yes sir all comes in two
different types of camouflage
there's two different variants will just
be a Turing and transparent but we can
do them in two different colors as well
which will be woodland and desert the
desert is gonna give you the best
cooling because it's a lighter color
might you might need it for the
different vironment exactly okay so now
you got the sniper suit we lose it this
is a so Tex could be a scout suit a
sniper suit it's fully multi spectral as
well which means it defeats a wide range
of sensors visual near infrared thermal
and radar and a very very lightweight
suit and also the best thing about this
is it's also flame resistant so there's
been a lot of issues of especially the
the guys that are making their own suits
right can be some flame hazards
associated with their pen on the
materials but this is a flame resistant
material
and so if I was looking through night
vision or this would blend in with
whatever environment you were in yeah
easy
I mean that's a that's a big feat yeah
and it also comes in a woodland too
right this actually comes in three
colors I think it's urban desert and
then woodland as well they're a bit more
of like a gray greenish tone exactly is
there anything else you want our viewers
to know no we're just we're excited
about we always enjoy working with ATS
and appreciate the opportunity to be
part of this program and be glad to
answer any other questions about our
shades or any of our camouflage product
and they can reach out to the radiance
rat exactly one other thing is the very
compliant the yes of the shades and the
camouflage nets are all made in the US
in fact we make them in North Carolina
and our plant there and everything's
very compliant with that this suit is
made in Sweden but the netting is made
in the u.s. appreciate giving us the
time today yes sir thank you thank you